add powerbi example (#6034)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/data-tile.md

If your analytics tool supports iFrames, you can embed the dashboard tile within it. 

### Examples
The following examples show how to embed the data health tile in Tableau and PowerBI.

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="powerbi" label="PowerBI example">

You can embed the data health tile iFrame in PowerBI using PowerBI Pro Online, Fabric PowerBI, or PowerBI Desktop. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/power-bi.png" width="80%" title="Embed data health tile iFrame in PowerBI"/>

Follow these steps to embed the data health tile in PowerBI:

1. Create a dashboard in PowerBI and connect to your database to pull in the data.

> 2. Create a new measurement with the iFrame.

Author: what does this mean specifically? is this something done in powerbit or explorer?

3. In dbt Explorer, navigate to the exposure and expand the [**Embed data health into your dashboard**](/docs/collaborate/data-tile#embed-in-your-dashboard) toggle. 
4. Go to the **iFrame** tab and copy the iFrame code. Make sure the Metadata Only token is already set up.

> 5. In PowerBI, under the **Measure tools** tab, replace your values with the iFrame code in the calculation window.

Author: is it clear where the user should paste the iFrame code?

    ```html
        Website =
        "<iframe src='https://1234.metadata.us1.dbt.com/exposure-tile?uniqueId=exposure.jaffle_shop.OrderQualityDashboard&environmentType=staging&environmentId=123456789&token=YOUR_METADATA_TOKEN' title='Exposure status tile' height='400'></iframe>"
    ```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/power-bi-measure-tools.png" width="100%" title="In the 'Measure tools' tab, replace your values with the iFrame code."/>

> 6. PowerBI desktop doesn't have HTML rendering by default, so you need to install an HTML visual from the PowerBI Visuals Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. PowerBI desktop doesn't support HTML rendering by default, so you need to install an HTML component from the PowerBI Visuals Store.
```

7. To do this, go to **Build visuals** and then **Get more visuals**.
8. Login with your PowerBI account.

> 9. Search for an HTML visual and install it. For example, [HTML content](https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/product/power-bi-visuals/WA200001930?tab=Overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. There are several third-party HTML visuals. The one tested for this guide is [HTML content](https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/product/power-bi-visuals/WA200001930?tab=Overview). Install it, but please keep in mind it's a third-party plugin not created or supported by dbt Labs.
```

Author: great shout!

> 10. Drag the metric with the iFrame code into the HTML content widget in PowerBI. This should now display your data health tile.

Author: is the metric with the iframe code visualized with that calculator-looking icon?

    ```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/power-bi-measure-tools.png" width="100%" title="In the 'Measure tools' tab, replace your values with the iFrame code."/>

6. PowerBI desktop doesn't support HTML rendering by default, so you need to install an HTML component from the PowerBI Visuals Store.
7. To do this, go to **Build visuals** and then **Get more visuals**.
8. Login with your PowerBI account.
9. There are several third-party HTML visuals. The one tested for this guide is [HTML content](https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/product/power-bi-visuals/WA200001930?tab=Overview). Install it, but please keep in mind it's a third-party plugin not created or supported by dbt Labs.
10. Drag the metric with the iFrame code into the HTML content widget in PowerBI. This should now display your data health tile.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/power-bi-final.png" width="80%" title="Drag the metric with the iFrame code into the HTML content widget in PowerBI. This should now display your data health tile."/>

> *Refer to [this tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUm9Hnq8Th8) for additional info on embedding a website into your Power BI report.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Refer to [this tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUm9Hnq8Th8) for additional information on embedding a website into your Power BI report.*
```
